InitialA group of system quality engineers wish to customize the command line calculator programto perform quality metric calculations. The engineers need to calculate the defect density of asystem. Furthermore, they require a custom calculation for the new total number of ShippedSource Instructions (SSI) in the successive releases of a system (2nd release onward). Theengineers also wish to be able to use the Musa Logarithmic model to calculate failure intensityand the number of expected failures, performing each of these using a single calculatorcommand.Epic: (Comprehensive)Improve calculator's usability for system quality engineers by including various types of quality metrics calculationBy customising the calculator to include additional usability metric calculations, (defect density, ssi, log mode),it would improve the usability as it has new features that helps system quality engineers.(Concise):#Epic: To calculate quality metrics via the command line calculatorCalculate Defect DensityUserStory:As a system quality engineer,I want to be able to calculate the defect density of a system,so that I can measure the quality and stability of the software.Calculate SSIUserStory:As a system quality engineer,I want to calculate the total number of Shipped Source Instructions (SSI) across successive releases,so that I can track the changes in code size and complexity over time.Calculate Failure intensity using Log ModelUserStory:As a system quality engineer,I want to calculate failure intensity using the Musa Logarithmic model,so that I can predict the frequency of system failures over time.Calculate Expected number of failures using Log ModelUserStory:As a system quality engineer,I want to calculate the expected number of failures over time using the Musa Logarithmic model,so that I can estimate system reliability and plan for maintenance.Feature 1: Quality Metric CalculationsUser Stories:Defect Density Calculation.SSI Calculation.Feature 2: Reliability Calculations Using Musa ModelUser Stories:Failure Intensity Calculation.Expected Failures Calculation.